DOCS: How to use processors (#2171)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/Documentation~/ProcessorTypes.md

---
uid: input-system-processors
---

> # Processor Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Processor types
```

> Below are predefined processors. You can also create custom Processors. For guidance on when to use each type, refer to [Using Processors](UsingProcessors.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are predefined processors. You can also create custom processors. For guidance on when to use each type, refer to [Using Processors](UsingProcessors.md).
```

> Below you will find predefined processors, furthermore it's possible to create custom Processors. For more information on when to use which type of processor please refer to [Using Processors](UsingProcessors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are predefined processors. You can also create custom Processors. For guidance on when to use each type, refer to [Using Processors](UsingProcessors.md).
```
